Add more references to klibs.io (#743)
JetBrains/kotlin-multiplatform-dev-docs: topics/development/multiplatform-add-dependencies.md

as [SQLDelight](https://github.com/cashapp/sqldelight). The authors of these libraries usually provide guides for adding
their dependencies to your project.

> > Explore the available Kotlin Multiplatform libraries on the [JetBrains' search platform](https://klibs.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Explore the available Kotlin Multiplatform libraries on [klibs.io](https://klibs.io/), a search platform maintained by JetBrains.
```
To avoid the dreaded possessive.

Reviewer 2: Why "maintained"? Maybe just "a search platform by/from JetBrains"?

Reviewer: I suggested this because klibs.io feels too big of a thing to just say "by", the website itself only mentions attribution at the bottom of the FAQ.

The other option is to don't mention JetBrains at all here, I don't think it affects the decision on whether to click the link — the user is already in the official docs.

Author: Removed JetBrains completely :)
